Remove template literals from "escaping characters" section (#20844)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/guide/grammar_and_types/index.md

console.log(str);   // this string is broken across multiple lines.
```

> There is also a [**template literal**](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Template_literals) syntax. This allows for many advanced text formatting use cases, including multiline strings!

Reviewer: I agree this looks weird, but I think the intention is that if you use template literals, you don't need to escape line breaks at all—maybe just reduce this paragraph to a sentence?

Author: Yeah I agree! I only realized the intention after the fact lol. Let's see...

Author: Okay so I was starting at this for a bit and I realized that these two code blocks actually represent entirely different use cases. The first is breaking over multiple lines a string that is supposed to print on one line, which is different from multiline strings.

I think it's pretty confusing–perhaps we should remove entirely?

> There is also a [**template literal**](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Template_literals) syntax. This allows for many advanced text formatting use cases, including multiline strings!

Reviewer: Ummm, I think we are keeping this paragraph (with the reword suggested above)?

Author: Ah sorry I commented on a resolved chain 🤦 

I was starting at this for a bit and I realized that these two code blocks actually represent entirely different use cases. The first is breaking over multiple lines a string that is supposed to print on one line, which is different from multiline strings where a string written over multiple lines actually prints over multiple lines.

I think it's pretty confusing–perhaps we should remove entirely?

Reviewer: Ah, you are right—didn't think about that! Yes, the template literal equivalent would be [`deline`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/deline).

console.log(str);   // this string is broken across multiple lines.
```

> But if this is your goal, there is also [**template literal**](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Template_literals) multiline string syntax where you don't need to escape line breaks.

Author: I guess my thinking here is that I think it'd be nice if this copy specifically referenced the previous code sample 🤔 I think it helps tamper the non-sequitur vibe. Huge opinion though, I'm not really sold on this one myself 😅

> But if this is your goal, there is also [**template literal**](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Template_literals) multiline string syntax where you don't _need_ to escape line breaks.

Author: I guess my thinking here is that I think it'd be nice if this copy specifically referenced the previous code sample 🤔 I think it helps tamper the non-sequitur vibe. Huge opinion though, I'm not really sold on this one myself 😅

> But if this is your goal, there is also [**template literal**](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Template_literals) multiline string syntax where you don't _need_ to escape line breaks.

Reviewer: I don't think we need the code example here at all—you are right, it feels really non-sequitur. I suggest deleting the code block following this and changing this to:

```suggestion
If you use [template literals](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Template_literals) introduced above to write multiline strings, you don't need to escape line breaks at all.
```

Author: 🫡
